When I first started in junior high school, I started programming. Unfortunately, I read a few of the 
garbage books that were common at the time, such as "21 Days Proficient in C++". At the time, I finished 
reading it, and even wrote a small book. program. But the software has failed. I don't know why, the 
slightly large programming problem can't be started, and the things that can't be done by the existing 
library can only be spread. Although I keep coding every day, I find that my programming skills are so 
slow to improve. I have only a very limited understanding of the concepts of "iteration" and "recursion". 
It can be said that I just use the computer as a calculator.
After entering the university, I majored in physics. For the first time, I have been memorizing the 
physical formulas, but I don't understand how they came out, what is the connection between them, or their 
meaning. I keep learning how to calculate and answer some common physical problems, but I don't know 
anything about the Why behind these How.
When I tried to do some computer games based on physical behavior, I encountered the previous difficulties 
again: I couldn’t start with new problems, and the fear of facing new problems continued to grow. I 
started to evade, not really Understand, but fantasy can solve the problem by copying and pasting the code 
through Google search. Fortunately, a lesson in my sophomore year completely changed my approach to 
learning. That was the first time I had the feeling of "opening the eye". I was painfully aware that I had 
only a few poor real understandings of some disciplines, including the computer science of my major in 
physics and minors.
About that class: At that time we just finished studying the content of electricity and special 
relativity. The professor wrote these two themes on the blackboard and drew a line to connect them. 
"Assume that we have an electron moving along the wire at a relativistic level..." At the beginning, the 
professor simply wrote the common formulas of electricity and special relativity that we are familiar 
with, but after the algebraic derivation of several blackboards, the formula of the magnetic field The 
magic has appeared. Although I already knew this formula a few years ago, I didn't know at the time that 
there was such a potential connection between these phenomena. The difference between magnetism and 
electricity is only the problem of "observation angle". I suddenly realized that I will not only pursue 
what to do afterwards. I started to ask why (wy), I started to look back and pick up the most basic ones. 
Partly, learn the knowledge that I should have learned before. This process of turning back is painful. I 
hope that you can wake up and never do this stupid thing.